I'm bored I cannot hurt sit back and
buckle you sleep
Oh
baby Pablo's behind you see what you cut
out all right kids straighten up
everybody watch his daddy done
oh hey Walt how you doing Don sheriff
how about you good couldn't be better
couldn't help but notice you were
leaving Walton County want to stop make
sure everything was ok everything's fine
we're just headed over to Metro County
to do some shopping gonna grab a few
birthday gifts a few groceries and
probably fill up the tank with gas while
we're there why on earth would you leave
Walton County to shop well you can
purchase all those things right here by
local business owners you know and trust
well sheriff it's just easier to find
everything there Metro County has all
the big stores don't you remember yes
makes sense campaign how important it is
to shop local every time you make a
purchase locally tax dollars go to
improve infrastructure schools and parks
yeah yeah yeah I know Sheriff but I got
the kids here they're out of school
today it's a great day for shopping wait
right here I think I'm gonna need some
help on this one oh it's good I heard
about him oh my goodness stretch I'm
glad you're here I need you to take wall
to show them how important it is to shop
locally in Walton County I'll watch the
kids daddy said that we get a sperry the
share of you need a crane whole drive
the car
hey whoa
hey me how you do it hey stretch you
know stretch everybody knows stretch
don't you know how important it is to
buy your gas locally even if you're
going out of town or going on vacation
you should always fill up your tank and
walton first to support the local
community well Mick I never knew it made
a difference where i bought my gas I
recently learned at about sixty one
percent of the sales tax generated for
splice and he locks comes from the gas
tax I've never thought about it that way
I usually just pull over to the nearest
filling station but in the future i'll
be sure to purchase all my gas in Walton
County thanks me no problem you guys
have a great day i'm headed to work out
at the new meridian park gymnasium
I'm not sure I like this you sure you
have liability in church fun are you
serving these snacks hey Walt hey
stretch what y'all up to we were up to
about 5,000 feet a few minutes ago I
think I'm feeling they're sick so what'd
you guys do he's going to the ball for
you got a little practice oh really you
guys have practice tonight we do headed
over to Chris well part right now you
know Walton County has some of the best
recreation facilities in Northeast
Georgia most of all funded through
spliced one penny at a time it's all
about by local stretching your dollars
right here in Walton County I always buy
my groceries locally to support local
business owners in the community in
return they support local businesses as
well kind of like recycling your money
whoa I'm running late I got to head to
the ball field I see you guys later I'll
have a good practice man I never
realized one penny could make such a big
difference guess I need to give more
consideration to where I spend my money
oh no not again can't we just take a cab
look in that the Warren County
government boom I was worthless pawns
down red
yes stretch ho ho what are you guys
doing here well I was headed to Metro
County to do some shopping the sheriff
pulled me over I falling all over the
county with this guy he is not
well I'm just here doing some shopping
my mom's got a birthday coming up and
I've got a friend getting married in a
couple weeks Oh picking up a couple
gifts here in Walton County of course I
always try to shop locally the
businesses here have lots to offer
there's tons of variety and local
business owners the service can't be
beat I guess I just didn't realize that
I always thought Metro County had more
store come on while more is not better
oh I'm doing business with people that I
know and trust people that I go to
church with then I see working in the
community to make Walton County a better
place when I shop locally that money
improves the local economy it creates
jobs build schools makes Walton County a
better place to live and raise my kids
besides why on earth would I want to
drive to Metro County sometimes saving a
few cents cost you more when you really
think about it no sir not me I believe
in investing in my local community I
shop right here in Walton County point
carry you know I probably spend fifteen
dollars in gas to drive to Metro County
just to save two or three but that's
right now you're getting at Walt well
listen I gotta run good to see you guys
shop local take care to tell your family
i said hi will do carry stretch let's
get back to the car my kids probably
have sheriff chapman locked up by now
I've got some shopping to do in Walton
County
stretch out feel so good
I think I'm gonna be sick
I don't get you of this back yes stretch
and heady they're coming back so what
did you learn well one thing's for sure
share I'm gonna turn my car around head
back to Walton County to do my shopping
I never realized the importance of
buying locally and investing in your
community I can't thank you enough share
problem Walt we're here to serve it's
glad to see that you're finally
supporting the home team thank you
stretch by strength Oh see ya there he
goes kids we're turning this car around
to make an investment future wall county
you